this video is brought to you by our
trusted graphics partner Nvidia welcome
to my unboxing and first look at the
Corsair Vengeance M 95 so there's
actually a couple of different colors
available black and white so the black
one is old the white one is new other
than a few key changes in terms of the
hardware inside the mouse not a lot is
different from the Vengeance M 90 so if
you already like the M 90 or if you
already have an M 90 this might not be a
reason to run out and grab another one
but if you aren't already using a
Corsair Gaming Mouse then this might be
a reason to give it a closer look
because they have modernized the feature
somewhat and I think it's kind of cool
that you can get it in different colors
because there's not many companies out
there that offer a wide variety of
different colors not that I'm saying
black and white is necessarily a wide
variety but it's a variety so there you
had it I guess a little more some of the
more gaming oriented guys too okay well
there you go so the finish is actually
different on the white one versus the
black one so I'm going to open up both
of them they come with a 2-year warranty
rather than the older Mouse which had a
lower sensitivity sensor they now
feature in Avago a D&S 9800 sensor which
goes it up to 8200 dpi now that's not to
say that very many people are actually
going to get a tangible benefit from an
8200 dpi Gaming Mouse because most
people won't unless you're running
multi-monitor setups and you need to get
from you know one side to the other with
a small flick of your wrist you're
probably going to turn the dpi down it
just happens that the higher-end sensors
that have all those features like being
able to adjust your lift distance and
you know automatically detecting the
surface that they're running on and
making adjustments and all those kinds
of good things like just working well on
anything they just happen to be high DPI
sensors these days because high-end
sensors have high-end features and have
high DPI so that it's easier to sell
them alright so the finish is actually
quite different this one is a matte soft
touch finish on the top so that's the
black model with a grippy side that has
kind of a like a very fine grit
sandpaper feel to it so that you're
going to be able to lift the mouse
without and same thing here on these
buttons
have a little bit of texture to them so
you're going to be able to lift the
mouse without accidentally pressing the
buttons and you can also put a little
bit of pressure here so just like that
that gives you that that grip that you
need the white model has more leg cut so
it's got the same sort of grip enos here
and it's got the same texture here so
you can actually hear that texture but
the top of the mouse is completely
smooth kind of like a stormtrooper armor
like finish it'll go really well with
something like a 600 T white edition
case for example so I'm going to focus
on the white one just because the black
one is very similar to the one that
we've seen before so right here we've
got a poly floor ofö tetryl whatever it
is so Teflon trademark TM can't use that
word pads on the bottom that allow it to
glide around on any surface wouldn't
mind it seeing these ones be a little
bit bigger but a great amount of the
bottom of the mouse is actually covered
so they shouldn't wear out too quickly
one difference between the m95 and the
m65 is that the m95 doesn't have weight
adjustment so it is a bit of a heavier
Mouse and you can't really take any of
the weight off of it but I personally
think that the benefit of the m95
outweighs any disadvantage it has
against the m65 because I love having
access to all of these extra buttons
here so you've got six seven eight nine
buttons on the side that you can reach
with your thumb I personally can
probably only reach about this one this
one this one this one this one this one
this one so I can probably only reach
about seven of them myself but if you
had larger hands like one of our
assistants here you can step in so
that's slicks slicks mitts you can
probably reach all the buttons on the
side fairly easily there you go and
that's probably more of a claw Mouse for
you anyway
I don't it's there a mouse that you can
pump this Kate we'll talk about that
later there's also two more buttons up
here these ones are configured to back
and forward by default so you can go
back and forward in your browser or
whatever else moving up to the top of
the mouse we find what our doing by
default configured as back and forward
buttons as well as a dpi switcher here
that has an LED indicator on the side of
the mouse that tells you exactly which
profile you happen to be in of course
you've got your left and right click as
well as a middle button click giving you
a ton of different functionality that
you can access quickly and easily on the
m95 now they've also added second
generation
Corsair software support to these mice
early on with the m9d and the m60 there
were some complaints about the software
in general they've actually made a lot
of changes to it so if you have an M 90
or an m60 on the Shelf right now then go
ahead and sort of pull it out see what
you think of it if you don't have one
then you can with a lot more confidence
go ahead and check out the M 65 or the
m95 depending on which gaming style you
want this chord is about six feet long
so you can probably approximately see
how long it is like that or about one
Linus wingspan plus about six inches or
about fifteen centimeters and I think
that pretty much wraps it up so thank
you for checking out my unboxing and
first look at the courser m95 don't
forget to subscribe to - tech tips from
our unboxings reviews and other computer
videos thanks for watching this video
was edited on a workstation powered by
kingston memory